Don't propagate Objects or Messages that close the Session (#806)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

messages are intended to be ignored. If the length does not match the
length of the message content, the receiver MUST close the session.

If the session is closed due to an unknown or invalid control message
or Object, the receiver MUST NOT continue to propagate that message

> or Object, because it enables a single session to close unrelated

Author: ```suggestion
or Object, because it would enable a single session to close unrelated
```

sessions.

> 

Reviewer: I think this might read better in the relay section, and use "relay" rather than receiver.
